Implementation of Queues:
	I decided that two seperate queues would be preferable to gather the information/sort the values appropriately.  This means that each Car object
	is stored at least twice, once in a MileageQ (PQ for mileage of a car) and once in a PriceQ (PQ for price of a car).  I chose to do this because
	it was the most straightfoward way I could think of to approach the problem of sorting/prioritizing based on two seperate values. 
	
	MileageQ and PriceQ are implemented exactly the same as each other, with a few changes to individual methods in order to keep each functioning
	to the purpose of the class. The Queues work by implementing an array-based heap as discussed in lecture.  This was the most efficient way for
	me to implement the heap structure, and also was the most familiar to me.

	Insert: Add the object to the last point of the heap array (constant-time) and swim the value up as necessary (logarithmic-time). 

	Remove: Hash vin to get index of removed item (constant-time), swap it with the last added value (constant-time), and sink the swapped value
		down as necessary (logarithmic-time).

	Update: Hash vin to get index of item to update (constant-time), update the car object as necessary (constant-time).

	Minimum: Return the first value in the heap array (constant-time).

Indirection implementation:
	I chose to use a HashMap of VIN to Index in Heap Array.  This implementation ensured a low chance of collisions due to uniqueness of VINs.  This
	implementation also meant that reaching the index of a certain VIN is a constant-time operation, as the hash function is linear in terms of the
	VIN (O(n) where n is the length of the VIN), but that is a constant number of 17.  This allows us to hash in linear time with regard to the rest
	of the program. Based on my research of the topic, hashcodes for a given string are then cached and retrieval of the code is O(1) in the future.
	These performances allowed me to justify my use of the Java HashMap Library in my project.

	The ease of implementation for Java's HashMap object was another large reason for my use of it.  Using an object that was already built and 
	well-documented reduced my engineering effort to a minimal level. I was then able to focus on other parts of the project without having to
	"reinvent the wheel". Using these constant time operations and minimal engineering-effort objects, I was able to keep my inserts, updates, and 
	removals at logarithmic time for my Queues.  

Implementation of Sort by Make/Model:
	I decided to implement this part of the project using the Java HashMap Library again, this time hashing a comibination of strings Make and Model
	to a Priority Queue. This implementation required me to keep two seperate HashMaps (one for mileage, one for price).  This doubled the space
	complexity of my program. Through this hashing implementation, I was able to keep track of the lowest mileage/price for any given make/model 
	combination with the same time complexity as MileageQ and PriceQ.
	
	This allows me to get the lowest price or mileage for a make/model combination in constant time, since hashing is constance time and retrieval 
	from the queue is constant time as I discussed above. 
	
	Inserts: logarithmic-time, as there is only the addition of constant time hashing to reach the queue we are inserting to. 
	
	Removal: logarithmic-time since it takes the removed Car from one of the other queues.  This allows me to retrieve and hash the	make/model in 
	constant-time and remove from the proper queue in logarithmic-time.  
	
	Updates: constant-time since it takes a Car object, extracts make/model info in constant time, then gets the queues in which 
	that car is stored in constant time, then performs the update operation on those two queues, which is constant time with a multiplicative 
	constant of 2. We can ignore this constant in assymptotic runtimes.

	Minimum: constant-time, as we hash the make+model combination in constant-time and then return the value from the getMin operation in the queue,
		 which is constant-time as well.

Overall Runtimes for Operations:
	BY MILEAGE/PRICE
	Insert:  O(logn)
	Remove:  O(logn)
	Update:  O(1)
	findMin: O(1)
	
	BY MAKE/MODEL
	Insert:  O(logn)
	Remove:  O(logn)
	Update:  O(1)
	findMin: O(1)
   *in all cases, n is the number of cars in the structure
Overall Space Complexity:
	2n :for the MileageQ and PriceQ
	2n :for the implementatin of MakeModelQ, which uses many MileageQ and PriceQ
		NOTE** Though it uses one queue for each identical make/model, it never exceeds n cars because we cannot have more make/model combos
		      than we have cars.**
	2n :for each indirection data structure to hold hashes to indexes in MileageQ/PriceQ
	2n :for each the indirection structures in MakeModelQ
	
	TOTAL SPACE COMPLEXITY
	O(2n + 2n + 2n + 2n) = O(8n) = O(n) because we can eliminate multiplicative constants in asymptotic analysis

Final Comments:
	Though my space complexity was not ideal, I was able to minimize runtimes to the required amounts as well as reduce the necessary engineering 
	effort to an acceptable and realistic amount.  I am sure that given more time I could find a solution to reduce my practical space complexity
	by some degree, though asymptotically I am happy with the result. 